How many people know about this?
It circulated all over the four families.
You've gone too far this time, bringing my grandma in.
That young lady of the Garcia family is gorgeous and from my society.
And she's always been fascinated with you.
Yet you didn't, even lay your eyes on her.
And instead, married and...
You've gone too far this time bringing my grandma in.
But let's talk about business.
Let me do my job, okay?
I can get your cheating wife to sign a divorce papers tonight.
Just say it.
You have two hours.
Two hours I want to see her sign divorce papers.
Understand?
Miss White, I'm your husband, Kasten's new term.
Do you want to come out or should I come to your place?
I'll go to your place.
Name a place?
Moon Cafe?
Right, okay.
I'm on my way.
Having coffee this late?
Aren't you worried I'll keep you up all night?
What coffee?
I'm going to divorce.
Your husband really wasted no time coming to divorce you the moment you landed.
What a son of a bitch will go with you.